Okay, let's get down, right?
Xiao Chen kicked me
Xiao Chen, you didn't eat, did you?
Who dares to smash my guard door
13 Prince, this is my household affairs and farming land
You can't smash the door of my household department if you have anything to do, right?
Hmph, is it the king of the world?
This land belongs to my family
This door is also the door to my house
Why do you have an opinion as a second-rank official?
It is rumored that the 13th prince is stubborn by nature
Oh, that's right.
Naughty
Okay, I have even more naughty little zen
Xu Shijie contradicted this prince
Drag it down and mess with the account
Fifty is Zeng Yuxiao
You dare Xu Shijie
Irrational number insults the prince and adds fifty